Adding the selection examples to CLI session of tutorial.rst (#1145)
popsim-consortium/stdpopsim: docs/tutorial.rst

`Urrichio & Hernandez (2014) <https://www.genetics.org/content/197/1/221.short>`__
for more discussion.

Simulating genomes with selection
---------------------------------

In the example above given a species, recombination map, and demography, a contig
was simulated assuming strictly neutrality. It is possible to incorporate selection in the

> simulations by (1) specifying the Distribution of Fitness Effects (DFE) for all new mutations
> across the genome or in a contig; or by (2) adding a single mutation under selection,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simulations by (1) specifying the Distribution of Fitness Effects (DFE) for all new mutations
across the entire contig or a subset of it; or by (2) adding a single mutation under selection,
```

as for instance in a selective sweep.

If a DFE is already described in the catalog, one can incorporate it into the simulation
with the flag ``--dfe``. For instance, HomSap has a DFE described as Gamma_K17.
To add it the example above we can type as follows:

.. code-block:: console

    $ stdpopsim -e slim --slim-scaling-factor 10 HomSap \

>     $    -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 2 4

Reviewer: I think we generally only start the prompt with a `$` (the second line is a continuation of the first, so it shouldn't have a `$`?)
```suggestion
        -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 2 4
```

> This example will simulate selection following the proportion of sites described in Gamma_K17.

Reviewer: Can we link to the docs for `Gamma_K17`? And, how about this edit: "This example will simulate a mixture of neutral and selected mutations as described in the Gamma_K17 DFE."

> Instead of simulating the whole contig one can simulate only CDSs by using the flag ``--dfe-annotation``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of simulating the whole contig one can simulate only conding sequence (CDS) by using the flag ``--dfe-annotation``:
```

.. code-block:: console

>     $ stdpopsim -e slim --slim-scaling-factor 10 HomSap \
>     $    -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 \
>     $    --dfe-annotation ensembl_havana_104_CDS 2 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ stdpopsim -e slim --slim-scaling-factor 10 HomSap \
         -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 \
         --dfe-annotation ensembl_havana_104_CDS 2 4
```

If instead of an annotation file (such as a .gff) one has a bed file (ex.bed) like the one below:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ chr1  100000  145000
>     $ chr1  150000  302425
>     $ chr1  150000  302425

Reviewer: This is not something on the command line, so I think no `$` (which I anyhow take to mean "bash prompt")
```suggestion
     chr1  100000  145000
     chr1  150000  302425
     chr1  150000  302425
```

then it is possible to simulate selection in all intervals provided by the bed file by using the flag
``--dfe-bed-file`` as follow:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ stdpopsim -e slim --slim-scaling-factor 10 HomSap \
>     $    -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 \
>     $    --dfe-bed-file ex.bed 2 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ stdpopsim -e slim --slim-scaling-factor 10 HomSap \
         -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 \
         --dfe-bed-file ex.bed 2 4
```

>     $    --dfe-bed-file ex.bed 10

Reviewer 2: what are these `10` in the end?

Reviewer 3: That would be the number of samples to simulate, which is still a positional parameter.

Author: exactly, and I think we should change that, it is counterintuitive in my opinion.

> The examples above (using the flags ``--dfe-annotation``, to input a annotation file, or ``--dfe-bed-file`` to include a bed file)
> incorporate selection systematically across the simulated contig given the coordinates.

Reviewer: Can `--dfe-annotation` be used to provide a gff file? That's alluded to but not stated above.
```suggestion
The examples above (using the flags ``--dfe-annotation``, to use a named annotation, or ``--dfe-bed-file`` to include a bed file)
incorporate selection on the specified segments of genome.
```

To simulate, however, only a small chunk of contig with selection––as in a selective sweep––one can use the flag
``--dfe-interval``:

.. code-block:: console

    $ stdpopsim -e slim --slim-scaling-factor 10 HomSap \
    $    -c chr22 -l 0.05 --dfe Gamma_K17 -o foo.ts -d OutOfAfrica_2T12 2 4 \
    $    --dfe-interval 1000,100000 2 4

> Only in positions ranging 1000 and 100000, the DFE defined by Gamma_K17 will be incorporated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DFE defined by Gamma_K17 will be incorporated only in positions between 1000 and 100000.
```

> See also the python API to incorporate `simulation <https://popsim-consortium.github.io/stdpopsim-docs/latest/tutorial.html#incorporating-selection>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the python API to incorporate `selection <https://popsim-consortium.github.io/stdpopsim-docs/latest/tutorial.html#incorporating-selection>`__.
```
heh, whoops =)
